# React + Vite

When designing my MVP, I wanted to create a product page since the industry I previously chose was tabletop games. I felt that the best way to gauge interest for whether or not someone would be willing to purchase a game would be to track the number of people who would click the buy now button to see how many people would actually buy the game. For someone looking to see if the product will actually take off, this is a great way to test its popularity without actually making the product real. I used AI generated images for the product images that the consumer will see so it is cost effective for me as the entrepreneur to not have to spend money to see whether or not my product will succeed without having to incur any immediate production costs to create an actual game. Since the game does not actually exist, if the consumer is to click on the "Buy Now" button, they will be lead to a screen that makes them believe the product is sold out when in reality it does not exist yet. I thought it would be an even better idea to add a box where they can enter their email to be notified when the product comes back in stock because it adds depth to evaluating the interest in the product. For instance if 100 people click "Buy Now", but only 1 person is willing to know when it will come back in stock, it may mean that the product is not captivating enough or people are not willing to go out of their way for your product. This idea gauges how much interest people have for the tabletop game product I created for my MVP. Both the click tracker for the "Buy Now" button as well as the email tracker allow for a cheap but great way to determine the success of the product and the product's effect on consumers.
